Create "Managing variable" in howto directory (#10241)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/variable.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

> Managing Connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing Variables
```

> Managing Variables
> ====================

Author: ```suggestion
Managing Variables
==================
```

Variables are a generic way to store and retrieve arbitrary content or
settings as a simple key value store within Airflow. Variables can be
listed, created, updated and deleted from the UI (``Admin -> Variables``),
code or CLI.

.. image:: ../img/variable_hidden.png

> See the :ref:`Variables Concepts <concepts-variables>` documentation for

Author: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`Variables Concepts <concepts:variables>` documentation for
```

more information.

> Storing Variables in Environment Variables

Reviewer 2: If I may add... there the previous paragraph explain what is Variable.
This paragraph explain how to store variable as Environment Variables (This is a **How to** but not **What is**)
It's not clear to me why to do that. What this functionality gives and when someone would need to use it.

Author: Can you add it in a separate PR? I just want to create a page in this PR based on the existing information. I would have added sections, but we should add similar information to other pages too, and changes to other pages are beyond the scope of this PR. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I was pointing that because I don't know the answers and there is no where in the docs where this info available.

Author: Environment variables are helpful because they can be set very easily in a containerized environment and their contents can be determined during deployment.
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/
It could also contain secrets.
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/
In the DAG file, you can also read environment variables, but the use of Airflow variables allows for their easier configuration in the development environment, e.g. access to UI, easier development - access to variable in Jinja, and thanks to setting Airflow variables using environment variables also easy deployment.

------------------------------------------

.. versionadded:: 1.10.10

Airflow Variables can also be created and managed using Environment Variables. The environment variable
naming convention is :envvar:`AIRFLOW_VAR_{VARIABLE_NAME}`, all uppercase.
So if your variable key is ``FOO`` then the variable name should be ``AIRFLOW_VAR_FOO``.

For example,

.. code-block:: bash

    export AIRFLOW_VAR_FOO=BAR

    # To use JSON, store them as JSON strings
    export AIRFLOW_VAR_FOO_BAZ='{"hello":"world"}'

You can use them in your DAGs as:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.models import Variable
    foo = Variable.get("foo")
    foo_json = Variable.get("foo_baz", deserialize_json=True)

.. note::

    Single underscores surround ``VAR``.  This is in contrast with the way ``airflow.cfg``
    parameters are stored, where double underscores surround the config section name.
    Variables set using Environment Variables would not appear in the Airflow UI but you will
    be able to use it in your DAG file.

> Securing Variables
> ------------------
> 
> Airflow uses `Fernet <https://github.com/fernet/spec/>`__ to encrypt variables stored the metastore database.
> It guarantees that without the encryption password, content cannot be manipulated or read
> without the key. For information on configuring Fernet, look at :ref:`security/fernet`.
> 
> In addition to retrieving variables from environment variables or the metastore database, you can enable
> an secrets backend to retrieve variablles. For more details see :doc:`../secrets-backend/index`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Securing Variables
------------------

Airflow uses `Fernet <https://github.com/fernet/spec/>`__ to encrypt variables stored in the metastore database.
It guarantees that without the encryption password, content cannot be manipulated or read
without the key. For information on configuring Fernet, look at :ref:`security/fernet`.

In addition to retrieving variables from environment variables or the metastore database, you can enable
a secrets backend to retrieve variables. For more details see :doc:`../secrets-backend/index`
```

> a secrets backend to retrieve variables. For more details see :doc:`../secrets-backend/index`

Author: ```suggestion
a secrets backend to retrieve variables. For more details see :doc:`secrets-backend/index`
```

    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Managing Variables

> ====================

Reviewer 3: Length of the underline (====) is wrong
